Add Azure Container Apps as a host option (#1952)
Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo: docs/azure_container_apps.md

# Deploying on Azure Container Apps

Due to [a limitation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/issues/2736) of azd, the azure.yaml file for deploying to Azure Container Apps lives here.

> To deploy to azure container apps, please run from project root folder:

Reviewer: I'm nervous about having a .azure folder in a subfolder, as we have a lot of code that tries to get the azd env values, like the VS Code launch.json configuration. It won't work if we can't rely on knowing where the azd env file is. Isn't there also an option of "azd up --cwd" that would keep the .azure in the main folder?

Author: It doesn't seem to work.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4d169bd0-dcc1-4d07-8f28-74654b34c46e)

Besides `azd env get-values` doesn't honor `--cwd` and only picks up .azure from the current cwd.

Author: Added aca as a commented out host option, which should place env files in .azure in project root folder.

> # Deploying on Azure Container Apps

Reviewer: Can you add the full instructions from the readme here, so that this describes the full process?

> Due to [a limitation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/issues/2736) of azd, the azure.yaml file for deploying to Azure Container Apps lives in folder `aca-host` along with symbolic links to `app`,`data` and `scripts` folder.

Author: Good catch. It is out of date.

> Due to [a limitation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/issues/2736) of azd, the azure.yaml file for deploying to Azure Container Apps lives in folder `aca-host` along with symbolic links to `app`,`data` and `scripts` folder.

Author: It is up-to-date now.

> # Deploying on Azure Container Apps

Reviewer: Is this option compatible with all the features, notably private endpoints and user authentication? If not, can you add a note about that?

Reviewer 2: it does look like some optional features are not supported from my understanding of the change

Author: I tested all optional features in https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo/blob/main/docs/deploy_features.md except private endpoints(still in private preview for ACA) and Adding an OpenAI load balancer(a little bit complicated to follow).

All other features work, including user authentication and user document upload if I'm using my own Azure tenant (msft tenant has policy against it).

Author: `docs/azure_container_apps.md` is updated with a note saying `Private endpoints is still in private preview for Azure Conainer Apps and not supported for now.`

Reviewer: Does the user login work? (https://github.com/Azure-Samples/azure-search-openai-demo/blob/main/docs/login_and_acl.md) For App Service, it works with built-in authentication, but maybe for Container Apps, it would work anyway thanks to our use of the MSAL SDK. The built-in authentication aspect is technically optional. Wondering if you tried out that feature.

> Due to [a limitation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/issues/2736) of azd, there could be only one host option in the [azure.yaml](../azure.yaml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to [a limitation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-dev/issues/2736) of the Azure Developer CLI (`azd`), there can be only one host option in the [azure.yaml](../azure.yaml) file.
```

By default, `host: appservice` is used and `host: containerapp` is commented out.

> To deploy to azure container apps, please follow the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy to Azure Container Apps, please follow the following steps:
```
